README.md, before:

# Custom Enumerable Project

This repository complements the [Custom Enumerables Project](https://www.theodinproject.com/lessons/ruby-custom-enumerables) in the Ruby Course for The Odin Project. The goal of this project is to reimplement common methods used frequently through the enumerables module with objects like arrays and hashes. This project will also familiarize you with how to work with blocks and procs. Some starter code and specs are provided to validate the correctness of your solutions.

## Installation

First, clone this repository with

```bash
git clone git@github.com:TheOdinProject/custom_enumerable_project.git
```

Then, navigate into the folder through your command line with

```bash
cd custom_enumerable_project
```

and install the dependencies using the command

```bash
bundle install
```

## Getting Started

You will add new methods to the `Enumerable` module in `lib/my_enumerables.rb`. Before you implement a method, go to the corresponding spec file and watch the test fail by running

```bash
bundle exec rspec <spec_file>
```

You can find the associated spec file in the [methods section](#methods). Then, add the method to the enumerable module. Run the tests again using the same command until they pass.

### Example

As an example, before you start implementing the `my_each` method, run

```bash
bundle exec rspec spec/my_each_spec.rb
```

to see that the test fails as expected.

Once you implement it, like so:

```rb
# lib/my_enumerables.rb

class Array
  def my_each
    # Complete code
  end
end
```

run the command

```bash
bundle exec rspec spec/my_each_spec.rb
```

again to see if your code is correct or not.

### Methods

The following table has the methods you will need to implement along with their associated specs, as outlined in the project instructions.

| Method                          | Spec File                       | Notes                                                                 |
| ------------------------------- | ------------------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `Array#my_each`                 | spec/my_each_spec.rb            | You will define my_each on the Array class in `lib/my_enumerables.rb` |
| `Enumerable#my_each_with_index` | spec/my_each_with_index_spec.rb |                                                                       |
| `Enumerable#my_select`          | spec/my_select_spec.rb          |                                                                       |
| `Enumerable#my_all?`            | spec/my_all_spec.rb             |                                                                       |
| `Enumerable#my_any?`            | spec/my_any_spec.rb             |                                                                       |
| `Enumerable#my_none?`           | spec/my_none_spec.rb            |                                                                       |
| `Enumerable#my_count`           | spec/my_count_spec.rb           |                                                                       |
| `Enumerable#my_map`             | spec/my_map_spec.rb             |                                                                       |
| `Enumerable#my_inject`          | spec/my_inject_spec.rb

Commit message:

updated README.md with my thoughts on the project

README.md, after:

# MY THOUGHTS

This was a fun little project to implement custom enumerable methods that can also utilize blocks. This repository is the completed project for Custom Enumerabl Project from The Odin Project Curriculum as described below.




# Custom Enumerable Project

This repository complements the [Custom Enumerables Project](https://www.theodinproject.com/lessons/ruby-custom-enumerables) in the Ruby Course for The Odin Project. The goal of this project is to reimplement common methods used frequently through the enumerables module with objects like arrays and hashes. This project will also familiarize you with how to work with blocks and procs. Some starter code and specs are provided to validate the correctness of your solutions.

## Installation

First, clone this repository with

```bash
git clone git@github.com:TheOdinProject/custom_enumerable_project.git
```

Then, navigate into the folder through your command line with

```bash
cd custom_enumerable_project
```

and install the dependencies using the command

```bash
bundle install
```

## Getting Started

You will add new methods to the `Enumerable` module in `lib/my_enumerables.rb`. Before you implement a method, go to the corresponding spec file and watch the test fail by running

```bash
bundle exec rspec <spec_file>
```

You can find the associated spec file in the [methods section](#methods). Then, add the method to the enumerable module. Run the tests again using the same command until they pass.

### Example

As an example, before you start implementing the `my_each` method, run

```bash
bundle exec rspec spec/my_each_spec.rb
```

to see that the test fails as expected.

Once you implement it, like so:

```rb
# lib/my_enumerables.rb

class Array
  def my_each
    # Complete code
  end
end
```

run the command

```bash
bundle exec rspec spec/my_each_spec.rb
```

again to see if your code is correct or not.

### Methods

The following table has the methods you will need to implement along with their associated specs, as outlined in the project instructions.

| Method                          | Spec File                       | Notes                                                                 |
| ------------------------------- | ------------------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `Array#my_each`                 | spec/my_each_spec.rb            | You will define my_each on the Array class in `lib/my_enumerables.rb` |
| `Enumerable#my_each_with_index` | spec/my_each_with_index_spec.rb |                                                                       |
| `Enumerable#my_select`          | spec/my_select_spec.rb          |                                                                       |
| `Enumerable#my_all?`            | spec/my_all_spec.rb             |                                                                       |
| `Enumerable#my_any?`            | spec/my_any_spec.rb             |                                                                       |
| `Enumerable#my_none?`           | spec/my_none_spec.rb            |                                                                       |
| `Enumerable#my_count`           | spec/my_count_spec.rb           |                                                                       |
| `Enumerable#my_map`             | spec/my_map_spec.rb             |                                                                       |
| `Enumerable#my_inject`          | spec/my_inject_spec.rb
